Piping and Redirection
Every program run from the command line
has three data streams connected to it
that serve as communication channels
with the external environment.
These streams are defined as Standard
Input, which is data fed into the program,
Standard Output, which is output from the
program (and defaults to the terminal)
and Standard Error, which
contains error messages
and are also displayed by default
in the terminal.
Piping (using the pipe operator)
and redirection (using the left and
right angle bracket operators,
also known as chevrons or
greater-than and less-than signs)
connect these streams between programs
and files to accommodate a near
infinite number of possible use cases.